README.md, before:

# Awesome Fintech

A curated collection of open source fintech libraries and resources. This is not a complete list, so please feel free to submit a pull request adding a project with a short description! Actively maintained projects with great documentation are preferred.

## Table of contents
- [Calculators](#calculators)
- [Charts](#charts)
- [Credit card forms](#credit-card-forms)
- [Currency handling](#currency-handling)
- [Education](#education)
- [Icons](#icons)
- [Integrations](#integrations)
- [Personal finance](#personal-finance)
- [Sanctions](#sanctions)
- [Stock data](#stock-data)
- [Subscriptions and billing](#subscriptions-and-billing)
- [Other](#other)

## Calculators
- [Accrue.js](https://github.com/jpederson/Accrue.js) - a loan and interest calculation plugin for jQuery
- [finance](https://github.com/marksweston/finance) - a library for financial calculations in Ruby
- [node-sales-tax](https://github.com/valeriansaliou/node-sales-tax) - international sales tax calculator for Node
- [py1040](https://github.com/b-k/py1040) - a U.S. personal income tax calculator

## Charts
- [amCharts](https://github.com/amcharts/amcharts4) - a simple and flexible drop-in data visualization solution
- [finance-go](https://github.com/piquette/finance-go) - a financial markets data library implemented in Go
- [Lightweight Charts](https://github.com/tradingview/lightweight-charts) - display financial data as an interactive chart on your web page without affecting loading speed and performance
- [react-financial-charts](https://github.com/reactivemarkets/react-financial-charts) - charts dedicated to finance with multiple types, interactive indicators, overlays, and drawing objects

## Credit card forms
- [Card](https://github.com/jessepollak/card) - a better credit card form in one line of code
- [Payment](https://github.com/jessepollak/payment) - a jQuery-free general purpose library for building credit card forms, validating inputs, and formatting numbers

## Currency handling
- [accounting](https://github.com/leekchan/accounting) - money and currency formatting for Golang
- [accounting.js](https://github.com/openexchangerates/accounting.js) -  a tiny JavaScript library for number, money, and currency parsing/formatting
- [currency.js](https://github.com/scurker/currency.js/) - a lightweight library for handling currency values and built to work around floating point issues in JavaScript
- [Dinero.js](https://github.com/dinerojs/dinero.js) - an immutable library and API to create, calculate, and format monetary values
- [Open Exchange Rates](https://github.com/wjcrowcroft/open-exchange-rates) - a real-time JSON API that provides exchange rates (forex/fx rates) for 150+ currencies, relative to USD

## Education
- [CryptoList](https://github.com/coinpride/CryptoList) - curated collection of blockchain and cryptocurrency resources
- [deep-finance](https://github.com/sangyx/deep-finance) - datasets, papers, and books on AI and finance
- [Fintech dictionary](https://github.com/moov-io/terms-dictionary) - simple definitions of fintech terms and acronyms

## Icons
- [PaymentFont](https://github.com/AlexanderPoellmann/PaymentFont) - a sleek webfont featuring popular payment methods
- [payment-webfont](https://github.com/orlandotm/payment-webfont) - an SVG webfont full of payment system and ecommerce icons

## Integrations
- [paypal-checkout-components](https://github.com/paypal/paypal-checkout-components) - JavaScript integration for PayPal Button and PayPal Checkout
- [react-native-payments](https://github.com/naoufal/react-native-payments) - for integrating payments like Apple Pay and Google Pay into your React Native app

## Personal finance
- [Budget](https://github.com/range-of-motion/budget) - a web application that helps you keep track of your finances by organizing and visualizing transactions
- [Firefly III](https://github.com/firefly-iii/firefly-iii) - a self-hosted manager for personal finances to track expenses and income
- [Mintable](https://github.com/kevinschaich/mintable) - automate personal finances without ads and data collection
- [OnTrack](https://github.com/inoda/ontrack) - a simple, self-hosted budgeting app to understand and control spending without giving banking/financial info to a third party

## Sanctions
- [OpenSanctions](https://github.com/pudo/opensanctions) - an open database of international sanctions data, persons of interest, and politically exposed persons
- [Watchman](https://github.com/moov-io/watchman) - offers search functions over numerous trade sanction lists from the United States

## Stock data
- [google-finance](https://github.com/hongtaocai/googlefinance) - Python module to get stock data from Google Finance
- [JCStockGraph](https://github.com/jconst/JCStockGraph) - display historical price graphs for any stock in your iOS app
- [TuShare](https://github.com/waditu/tushare) - a utility for crawling historical data of China stocks
- [yahoo-finance](https://github.com/lukaszbanasiak/yahoo-finance) - Python module to get stock data from Yahoo Finance

## Subscriptions and billing
- [BoxBilling](https://github.com/boxbilling/boxbilling) - billing, client, and order management software designed to be easy-to-use for both clients and sellers
- [Crater](https://github.com/bytefury/crater) - web and mobile app that helps freelancers and small businesses track expenses/payments and create professional invoices and estimates
- [Invoice Ninja](https://github.com/invoiceninja/invoiceninja) - invoice clients, facilitate payments, track time/tasks, handle expenses, and more (built with Laravel and Flutter)
- [Kill Bill](https://github.com/killbill/killbill) - an SaaS-like subscription management and billing solution with real-time analytics and financial reports
- [Manta](https://github.com/hql287/Manta) - flexible invoicing desktop app with diverse and customizable templates
- [Recurly.js](https://github.com/recurly/recurly-js) - create subscriptions, process one-time transactions, and update customer billing information

## Other
- [ach](https://github.com/moov-io/ach) - a reader, writer, and validator for Automated Clearing House (ACH) files
- [Akaunting](https://github.com/akaunting/akaunting) - online accounting software designed for small businesses and freelancers
- [Apache Fineract](https://github.com/apache/fineract) - core banking solution for financial institutions offering services to the world’s two billion underbanked and unbanked
- [fredapi](https://github.com/mortada/fredapi) - Python API for FRED (Federal Reserve Economic Data) and ALFRED (Archival FRED)
- [go-finance](https://github.com/alpeb/go-finance) - Go library containing a collection of financial functions for time value of money (annuities), cash flow, interest rate conversions, bonds, and depreciation calculations
- [Gringotts](https://github.com/aviabird/gringotts) - a simple and unified API to access dozens of different payment gateways with very different APIs, response schemas, documentation, and jargon
- [pyfolio](https://github.com/quantopian/pyfolio) - portfolio and risk analytics in Python
- [Sequence](https://github.com/runopsio/sequence) - immutable, scalable, and easy to use ledger service
- [XChange](https://github.com/knowm/XChange) - Java library that provides a simple API for interacting with 60+ cryptocurrency exchanges, delivering a consistent interface for trading and accessing market data

Commit message:

Add personal finance app: Ghostfolio

README.md, after:

# Awesome Fintech

A curated collection of open source fintech libraries and resources. This is not a complete list, so please feel free to submit a pull request adding a project with a short description! Actively maintained projects with great documentation are preferred.

## Table of contents
- [Calculators](#calculators)
- [Charts](#charts)
- [Credit card forms](#credit-card-forms)
- [Currency handling](#currency-handling)
- [Education](#education)
- [Icons](#icons)
- [Integrations](#integrations)
- [Personal finance](#personal-finance)
- [Sanctions](#sanctions)
- [Stock data](#stock-data)
- [Subscriptions and billing](#subscriptions-and-billing)
- [Other](#other)

## Calculators
- [Accrue.js](https://github.com/jpederson/Accrue.js) - a loan and interest calculation plugin for jQuery
- [finance](https://github.com/marksweston/finance) - a library for financial calculations in Ruby
- [node-sales-tax](https://github.com/valeriansaliou/node-sales-tax) - international sales tax calculator for Node
- [py1040](https://github.com/b-k/py1040) - a U.S. personal income tax calculator

## Charts
- [amCharts](https://github.com/amcharts/amcharts4) - a simple and flexible drop-in data visualization solution
- [finance-go](https://github.com/piquette/finance-go) - a financial markets data library implemented in Go
- [Lightweight Charts](https://github.com/tradingview/lightweight-charts) - display financial data as an interactive chart on your web page without affecting loading speed and performance
- [react-financial-charts](https://github.com/reactivemarkets/react-financial-charts) - charts dedicated to finance with multiple types, interactive indicators, overlays, and drawing objects

## Credit card forms
- [Card](https://github.com/jessepollak/card) - a better credit card form in one line of code
- [Payment](https://github.com/jessepollak/payment) - a jQuery-free general purpose library for building credit card forms, validating inputs, and formatting numbers

## Currency handling
- [accounting](https://github.com/leekchan/accounting) - money and currency formatting for Golang
- [accounting.js](https://github.com/openexchangerates/accounting.js) -  a tiny JavaScript library for number, money, and currency parsing/formatting
- [currency.js](https://github.com/scurker/currency.js/) - a lightweight library for handling currency values and built to work around floating point issues in JavaScript
- [Dinero.js](https://github.com/dinerojs/dinero.js) - an immutable library and API to create, calculate, and format monetary values
- [Open Exchange Rates](https://github.com/wjcrowcroft/open-exchange-rates) - a real-time JSON API that provides exchange rates (forex/fx rates) for 150+ currencies, relative to USD

## Education
- [CryptoList](https://github.com/coinpride/CryptoList) - curated collection of blockchain and cryptocurrency resources
- [deep-finance](https://github.com/sangyx/deep-finance) - datasets, papers, and books on AI and finance
- [Fintech dictionary](https://github.com/moov-io/terms-dictionary) - simple definitions of fintech terms and acronyms

## Icons
- [PaymentFont](https://github.com/AlexanderPoellmann/PaymentFont) - a sleek webfont featuring popular payment methods
- [payment-webfont](https://github.com/orlandotm/payment-webfont) - an SVG webfont full of payment system and ecommerce icons

## Integrations
- [paypal-checkout-components](https://github.com/paypal/paypal-checkout-components) - JavaScript integration for PayPal Button and PayPal Checkout
- [react-native-payments](https://github.com/naoufal/react-native-payments) - for integrating payments like Apple Pay and Google Pay into your React Native app

## Personal finance
- [Budget](https://github.com/range-of-motion/budget) - a web application that helps you keep track of your finances by organizing and visualizing transactions
- [Firefly III](https://github.com/firefly-iii/firefly-iii) - a self-hosted manager for personal finances to track expenses and income
- [Ghostfolio](https://github.com/ghostfolio/ghostfolio) - a web-based wealth management application to keep track of your financial assets like stocks, ETFs or cryptocurrencies and make solid, data-driven investment decisions
- [Mintable](https://github.com/kevinschaich/mintable) - automate personal finances without ads and data collection
- [OnTrack](https://github.com/inoda/ontrack) - a simple, self-hosted budgeting app to understand and control spending without giving banking/financial info to a third party

## Sanctions
- [OpenSanctions](https://github.com/pudo/opensanctions) - an open database of international sanctions data, persons of interest, and politically exposed persons
- [Watchman](https://github.com/moov-io/watchman) - offers search functions over numerous trade sanction lists from the United States

## Stock data
- [google-finance](https://github.com/hongtaocai/googlefinance) - Python module to get stock data from Google Finance
- [JCStockGraph](https://github.com/jconst/JCStockGraph) - display historical price graphs for any stock in your iOS app
- [TuShare](https://github.com/waditu/tushare) - a utility for crawling historical data of China stocks
- [yahoo-finance](https://github.com/lukaszbanasiak/yahoo-finance) - Python module to get stock data from Yahoo Finance

## Subscriptions and billing
- [BoxBilling](https://github.com/boxbilling/boxbilling) - billing, client, and order management software designed to be easy-to-use for both clients and sellers
- [Crater](https://github.com/bytefury/crater) - web and mobile app that helps freelancers and small businesses track expenses/payments and create professional invoices and estimates
- [Invoice Ninja](https://github.com/invoiceninja/invoiceninja) - invoice clients, facilitate payments, track time/tasks, handle expenses, and more (built with Laravel and Flutter)
- [Kill Bill](https://github.com/killbill/killbill) - an SaaS-like subscription management and billing solution with real-time analytics and financial reports
- [Manta](https://github.com/hql287/Manta) - flexible invoicing desktop app with diverse and customizable templates
- [Recurly.js](https://github.com/recurly/recurly-js) - create subscriptions, process one-time transactions, and update customer billing information

## Other
- [ach](https://github.com/moov-io/ach) - a reader, writer, and validator for Automated Clearing House (ACH) files
- [Akaunting](https://github.com/akaunting/akaunting) - online accounting software designed for small businesses and freelancers
- [Apache Fineract](https://github.com/apache/fineract) - core banking solution for financial institutions offering services to the world’s two billion underbanked and unbanked
- [fredapi](https://github.com/mortada/fredapi) - Python API for FRED (Federal Reserve Economic Data) and ALFRED (Archival FRED)
- [go-finance](https://github.com/alpeb/go-finance) - Go library containing a collection of financial functions for time value of money (annuities), cash flow, interest rate conversions, bonds, and depreciation calculations
- [Gringotts](https://github.com/aviabird/gringotts) - a simple and unified API to access dozens of different payment gateways with very different APIs, response schemas, documentation, and jargon
- [pyfolio](https://github.com/quantopian/pyfolio) - portfolio and risk analytics in Python
- [Sequence](https://github.com/runopsio/sequence) - immutable, scalable, and easy to use ledger service
- [XChange](https://github.com/knowm/XChange) - Java library that provides a simple API for interacting with 60+ cryptocurrency exchanges, delivering a consistent interface for trading and accessing market data
